feat(server): no extension for random urls (#439)
orhun/rustypaste: README.md

    - pet name (e.g. `capital-mosquito.txt`)
    - alphanumeric string (e.g. `yB84D2Dv.txt`)
    - random suffix (e.g. `file.MRV5as.tar.gz`)

>     - no extension

Reviewer: This section of the docs was for listing the specific randomization features so let's not mention this here.

```suggestion
```

curl -F "file=@x.txt" -H "filename: <file_name>" "<server_address>"
```

> #### No extension when using `random_url`
> 
> Rustypaste adds the filename's extension to the url. This can be changed by setting `no_extension` to `true`:
> 
> ```toml
> random_url = { type = "alphanumeric", length = 8, no_extension = true }
> ```

Author: How about this? If not, it's probably best to remove everything.

```suggestion
#### No extension when using `random_url`

Rustypaste adds the filename's extension to the url. This can be changed by setting `no_extension` in `random_url` to `true`.
```

curl -F "file=@x.txt" -H "filename: <file_name>" "<server_address>"
```

#### No extension when using `random_url`

Rustypaste adds the filename's extension to the url. This can be changed by setting `no_extension` to `true`:

```toml
random_url = { type = "alphanumeric", length = 8, no_extension = true }
```

> 

Reviewer: This feels too specific in the documentation... should we maybe remove it?

Also, we don't have any other config examples in README.md - I think the comment in the `config.toml` would help with demonstrating this already. It's quite an simple option anyways :D

Author: Hmm, I really don't know.

> the comment in the config.toml would help with demonstrating this already

That would require people to look for info in the `config.toml`. Personally I would, but I cannot deduce the behavior of others from this.

Do you suggest removing everything, but only lines 276-278?

Reviewer: I suggest just removing that example entirely.

At some point we really need a dedicated website which we can host multiple short pages where we can do a tips & tricks section like this: https://git-cliff.org/docs/tips-and-tricks

Author: ok, I removed it again.

> we really need a dedicated website which we can host multiple short pages where we can do a tips & tricks section like this: https://git-cliff.org/docs/tips-and-tricks

not a bad idea.
